this apparently is a 150 in TV or tablet
I don't know what it is what it isn't is
150 in at least according to my tape
measure maybe they got some new way of
measuring these things over in China
they do what it's called the Chinese
inch what what Chinese inch we sto using
that like hundreds of years ago oh my
God wait there is a Chinese inch like
every dentisty have like their own
inches their own measurement
unit Jokes Aside the seller actually
told us there is a little difference
between Chinese inches and foreign ones
this is the size in centimeters but um
there's a slight problem with that the
last time I checked even 150 CM would be
nowhere near the 100 in that this TV
actually is and they have centimeters
listed alongside their inch measurements
so we have a few problems here first
there is no difference between an inch
in the US and an inch in China right
Andy oh according to like the article
that I'm currently reading the Chinese
inch it's
longer okay so it should be bigger that
means we've been scammed so I need to
unbox these TVs to find out what the
heck we got how big they really are and
even if they work also where's our segue
to today's sponsor aonis for a limited
time you can get 20% off aonis cyber
protect for comprehensive cyber threat
defense and a chonis snap deploy they're
all-in-one server deployment and
provisioning solution use our link today
to learn more I am far more interested
to understand why there's an Android and
Windows logo as the only visible
markings on the outside of this box
Jamie has a theory he thinks that it
might actually be a
Smartboard oh that'd be a great value at
that price then I don't think it is is
it touchscreen maybe I don't know I
think it's just a TV what whatever is or
isn't inside of these boxes I owe you
guys some background first a few months
ago PL found this listing on Ali Express
for a 150 in TV for
$2500 and a 100 in set for
$640 now that listing is still up but
now that we've actually ordered the
TVs it's pretty clear that they are not
those sizes based on some quick
measurements it looks like the 100 in is
what you've got and this is more like a
65 which should have cost us 640 and
$442 so they overcharged Us by two grand
funny to you yeah it's not my money
these don't even look like they came
from the same manufacturer so yeah
that's true the boxes are totally
different High dynamic range
2160p every time I buy something like
this I wonder I can't be the only one
who are the other people right like
there wouldn't be a listing for it if
nobody ever bought one all
right oh yeah oh buddy okay hold on hold
on y ready 1 I'm going to have to go
just a little bit at of time though cuz
my arm's going to get stuck yeah and 1 2
3 go jeez are you
okay
honestly I can tell he's okay that's why
I'm fine I'm fine my my palm hurts a
little bit but it's okay
okay I don't know why I thought there
might be more information on the other
side cuz there really isn't there's not
wait I get it the Android is cuz it uses
an Android derived operating system and
the window is because the image Clarity
no it's cuz is like looking through a
window it's PC gaming ready that's why
okay there's no way make a comment now
don't cheat don't watch the rest of the
video who's right is this not sealed not
really no what what the hell we're
supposed to lift it up why would they
have the top open oh man this is it's
got to the thing's got to this thing is
going to tip over no no it's we got this
no brother we got this we got this you
say this don't even worry dog oh that
she goes it's got handles oh yeah she
she's got handles for sure you know
what's funny handles actually better
than the handles on that high sense TV
Dude I don't think it's loose I think
it's just a plastic handle my God oh my
God ohow my
hands oh my God that was terrible they
do feel ster they feel significantly
better and they're not sharp on the
inside oh my God yeah that hurts oh the
feet oh all right and the remote or no
oh
look those feel pretty good I heard
metal we got a couple of options oh oh
oh interesting it's a two-piece system
and then that bad boy goes on there and
I got to say compared to some of the
other large format displays we've seen
recently these Vasa
holes actually feel pretty good are they
Vasa holes well I mean Vasa is sure oh
we got our first spec plof what is it
led hey that could be a lot of things
based on the thickness though I'm going
to Hazard a guess that it is full array
you think so really it would be thinner
if it was EDG lit wouldn't it not if
it's cheap
have you looked at the bezel yet uh oh
it's thick
damn that's not the wow oh that's
interesting it also has like a front
glass and a recess display it's way back
is this one of the kick prooof TVs I
have no idea it looks like it has like a
front careful layer we got to turn it on
at least first and then you can try
kicking it although I think if you kick
it we're not sending it back that's fair
if it was one of the kick proof TVs it
would explain how it got here in one
piece look at how little packing
material is left on this side yeah she's
right at the edge and there was no front
foam or back foam or anything just this
flimsy cover she is so front heavy dude
look can you see the angle it's tilted
at yeah okay watch this I'm going to put
it back like
that or is it going like this probably
like this got to be like that cuz it's a
recessed here yeah I'm thinking the feet
kind of go out yeah so that must be this
side
also that is curved as
hell it
is maybe it's curved to the TV yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah sure sure thing buddy I'm
in my lifting position you ready boys I
think so I don't even know where this is
going in lift it once so I can see where
it's going I don't know where it's going
either so
okay where the hell does it go I don't
know yeah oh my God okay I got to put it
down I got to put it down see these
holes right here 1 2 3 four five but it
doesn't even have six holes I know maybe
you don't need uh well I don't know
that's the only that's the only spot I
can find that's even got holes for like
mounting stuff and clearly this is
there's a structural something here the
handles here they're the right thread
what the convenient low back force of
the ratchet makes starting screws a snap
you know how the rubber is kind of cut
off I think it's because of this but
it's actually a little bit too long
still even though you positioned it
perfectly yeah so that's so that is what
it is yeah no no no okay never mind
never mind okay can I put it down yep y
do
it well he's finishing that up why don't
we take a look at IO we've got an
antenna some kind of probably decryption
card standard that I'm not familiar with
a couple of what look like USB 2 ports
two hdmis completely unlabeled so no
idea what standard they are another HDMI
you've got Lan two coax Jacks and then
composite like not with the little
breakout thing like fullon composite and
then a c-13 power and nice little power
switch my notes say the next thing I'm
supposed to do is look for
Branding and the script says who the
hell is Cen Singh but I don't know where
I would have gotten that branding from
because it's nowhere on anything it's on
their web on the AliExpress store on the
marketing materials okay also why are
there featured apps YouTube Netflix
Disney plus HBO none of that shit's in
China
congratulations you now own one of the
most state-of-the-art and
technologically advanced highdefinition
television products available wow who we
are we'll never tell also here's a front
view of the TV showing you how to use
your channel plus Channel minus Volume
Plus and volume minus buttons is that
even the same TV is the bezel on the
bottom really that big there's no way no
that's a freaking CRT or something okay
the remote's the same at least it didn't
come with batteries there's a card here
that looks like it's all in Mandarin or
simplified Chinese Andy can you read
this I can help all the service and
warranty is not like you can't use it
like in Hong Kong in maau or Taiwan or
other country oh we're other country
yeah we're other country so nice no
warranty this morning plof asked me like
if something it's a well-known brand so
in a way yes because the Chinese
pronunciation of Samsung is
sing so they just picked something that
sounds really similar to Samsung
exactly oh my God plof what it totally
leans back it really does do you know
why cuz the legs are backwards no
because it's front heavy I don't know if
that's the case I think they I think
that's why they're curved I think the
legs are wrong that's my theory I don't
think the legs are wrong cuz you would
want the the bigger leg in the front
100% it's top heavy 100% so it's less
dangerous to no man no man that's their
compensation
mechanism we should get a level let's
just not try to lift it too high for now
that's a great idea is this console wide
enough 88 and 1/2 right 70 something
oh balls so we probably don't have a
console big enough to put it on I hit
power oh smart TV smart TV this looks
like absolute dog look at the black
of Andy's
shirt I think Andy's shirt is more black
than the black of the TV interestingly
though just like in the instructions
it's got YouTube Netflix North American
apps on it what is this
product Twitter how old is that logo you
want to connect it to the network not
really thank you for reading the terms
of use the terms of use from who yeah
it's usually here somewhere if you have
any questions please contact us through
the after sale Sur who are you I accept
your terms you boys ready for some big
peel energy wow
wow the image quality is so much better
it's so it's very glossy dude their
anti-glare coating incredible my aunt
glare she put it on
hi oh wait lonus that actually have
Bruning oh oh my god what's it
say Andy what's it say the first two
Chinese character it's like colorful you
know it's a TV it's of course it's
colorful yeah but like that's TCL it
makes TCL is Wang Pai in in China wait
so like so this is TCL it must be why
does that make sense because
Samsung sold all of their patents and
Manufacturing in China to TCL but I
don't understand why it's loaded up in
English yeah this should have come out
in like simplified Chinese right this
came out of the box in English yeah how
are we supposed to access Apple TV I
don't know try it like what is this
going to
load Apple TV no there's no way Apple
TV get free to download is it download
it download it no star ratings download
it no screenshots nothing you may also
like what am I downloading right now
Apple TV 4K enhanced how do you enhance
it I don't know yes 100% but it got
dimmer yeah maybe it's just like what
the just happened oh my God it said
the same thing every time I change it it
CH okay a lot of TVs have a store
setting because it will like go through
demo footage and stuff the store setting
is to juice the brightness it's like
looking into a mirror with the black too
it's like a perfect dude like High
camera behind us this thing is
unfilmable standard Dynamic mild what's
mild well you want spicy or you
want let's go standard sure color
temperature yeah sure normal DNR do not
resuscitate this
TV oh Dynamic noise reduction probably
that's what I'm thinking okay that looks
pretty legit it does uhhuh sign in
please be my guest also look how the
uniformity is like kind a gray I maybe
that's just a weird gray that Apple TV
loading screen has I don't know I don't
think it
is it looks so bad um it's not TCL what
it's a knockoff TCL so they knocked off
Sam they knocked off TCL and you would
put it past them to knock off Apple
someone asked the question is Wai Wai
the same Wai as TCL one answer is saying
oh like this is like a sub brand blah
blah blah but like there are bunch of
people be like no that's knockoff no the
quality sucks no no no TCL is Wai Wai is
not TCL I can confirm the quality sucks
I'm logging in though I don't see why
this would be wrong what do they have to
gain other than access to your
data this is the worst Wi-Fi chip in a
TV I've ever seen okay I'm going to put
the phone closer I don't know if that's
going to help we should plug the shield
in oh yeah look how much faster it is
when you're close what the hell yeah I
just had to go closer I wonder if it's
the aluminum in the TV is blocking the
signal I don't know man but it's way
faster now there's a tech tip for you
yeah put phone
I think this is the most fun I've had
filming a TV video since the kick proof
TV whether this is kick prooof or not I
don't even care anymore oh my God you
ready to give me your theory about how
YouTube also has a gradient in their
background now that's really
bad crab
Rave okay it doesn't it doesn't have a
mic wow this is what comes up if you're
not signed in Donald Trump on whatever
this device profile is up the PPI of 100
in 4k also why did it default to like
480p that's why I wanted to check the
PPI cuz I'm like this looks like
ass oh we maybe don't have the speed for
it so we are at a uh whopping 44 PPI
wait I can get even closer to the
antenna oh my God put an Apple box I
think that's what the antenna over there
was for I thought it was some kind of
like TV signal or something yeah it got
better as you moved itude it got better
as
dude try bumping it to 4K now let's see
if we can do
it your phone's it's probably fine yeah
you got Apple Care right no well all
right take out the ceramic
Shield
dude optimal I don't think it's going to
do it very well no it's going to do it
it's going to do it
okay it's going I'll give it that it's
been going for a
while how can it be so obno noxiously
loud and yet so quiet and impossible to
hear at the same time yeah it's real
rough it's like they took all the audio
and they just like squeeze it into one
little picture actually looks kind of
okay this is fine yeah all right let's
plug in the shield and see how it does
with a proper signal sure 4K 6 the
option no way this is HDMI 1.4 on a 4K
TV maybe I just picked the worst HDMI of
the bunch okay I'm going to try TR yeah
that's garbage all right all right looks
so bad it's still 4K oh my God what a
piece of crap to be fair only one of
them has Arc try the middle one it's not
going to be better well it has it's the
one with Arc The Arc one is never the
highs speeded Port ploof ah I know but
benefit of the utmost doubt the last
one 4K 60 huh huh hdr1
ready yes okay all right okay are I'm
glad we tried I wouldn't have wanted to
be unfair to rip off TCL ripoff Samsung
here what is happening it's see
flickering yeah this is a functional
picture only in a dark dark room but
it's functional I'm not saying it's
good but it's not the worst and it's
bright enough that it overpowers the
reflections a little is this 60 FPS or
is it smoothing no it is 60 it's
actually 60 FPS but no HDR is not
working it could also be just a YouTube
app issue let's try Plex
hdr10 so it must have been some kind of
app related issue before okay she's
trapped she's trapped behind the glass
in the space between the glass and the
picture I don't think it has any kind of
full array local dimming no no no
definitely not this is EDG lit to the
max so it's bright but it lacks contrast
and it really doesn't help that the
blacks that it does manage just turn
into whatever's behind you yeah I can
see us like perfectly impressively
though I don't think the color accuracy
is that far off no the Green in her
glasses is usually what I kind of go off
of and like the white on her on her
blouse and um looks okay I bet you the
blacks and Grays and whites are what
would really throw it off yeah uh cuz
the black is not going to get anywhere
close color wise it looks not bad yeah I
wonder how it Gaines let's try dude I
think that this is like handling Sho
yeah it is yeah cuz I wiped it over
there and it's not coming off dude you
can clearly see it is clearly all over
the inside want to hear something crazy
yeah input legs not bad what yeah cuz
we're in game mode well it's probably
cuz it's not doing any processing it
doesn't have any motion compensation or
you color smoothing or gradient
reduction or whatever right HDR here we
go looks awful that's cool but it works
yeah it does work that is clearly HDR
For Better or For Worse you know
sometimes HDR in Windows looks bad this
thing is such a piece of crap how much
how much did we pay for it like
$2500 or something the worst part is you
can get a TCL for that now I know well
don't forget we paid $ 2500 thinking it
was a 150 in they have offered some kind
of compensation we don't know yet
because they wouldn't process anything
until they basically told us like okay
it's shipped but also if you cancel it
now it won't come to your door it'll
just get to the port and then return so
if you want it at all either of the TVs
cuz they're bundled you have to not
dispute the claim now get them and then
dispute it later I don't even know when
we dispute this I don't even know what's
going to happen oh we need to dispute it
oh 100% it's we're obviously getting
frauded to some degree to some degree I
think to a pretty significant degree I
think so too no no no no eight bit with
dithering that's awful oh no that makes
sense but look Peak bright Peak
brightness 1500 nits I know that Windows
doesn't always accurately report the
brightness number no cuz that's just
from the edid so that's just whatever it
thinks that's what it's trying to do I
call HDR certification not
found yeah that's a right I want to know
if I can do 1080p higher refresh rate
no 60 but we got rid of the
dithering just 8bit but we got some
nasty interpolation look at how bad this
text looks yeah also so you can really
see the dirty screen effect when I move
this around on It In fairness okay even
my TCL at home the big 115 in has very
significant dirty screen effect but you
can mitigate it by turning on the full
array local dimming dude I can't believe
how much of the glass is dirty oh yeah
it's really bad it's like 8 in in in
some spots yeah no like I tried to fix
it I tried to clean it cuz I'm like no
this can't be like actually just stuck
there permanently it is Imagine
I was about to say imagine if you paid
$2500 for this TV and received it from
China and then I realized that you
did
what okay well I don't I don't know
what's going on with this try um I'm
glad you're having fun this is great
oh looks so bad the pixel response yeah
it's just so blurry this looks like
motion blurs on I'm well aware that
we're way too close to the screen but
the PPI is so bad that's not even the
end of the world necessarily but the
contrast is so bad because it's a
garbage panel that the perceived
sharpness is much lower it honestly kind
of looks like uh the um intrusive
thoughts video where you had the Monitor
and the freezer it really does it does
right it looks like the pixels are just
super slowed down so this is just the
most garbage random VA panel that they
can manufacture in this size yeah thanks
Sans Singh mainland China yeah Sans
Singh Sans Singh it's not sunshing it's
not sunshing China Korea Samsung okay
well this is not got different legs leg
like here Samsung you see that Crystal
that is not what we got well there might
be a crystal processor in here we don't
know it might be made of crystal don't
know if it actually processes anything
the funny thing is this is the exact
same marketing material but it is a
slightly different page from the seller
that we purchased from because I noticed
that uh ours has um some different like
questions and and stuff on it oh my God
so it's like the exact same thing but a
different seller so how many different
sellers are using the same marketing
material look at Aver his HDR I mean it
technically has it technically has it
it's not very good but it has it this
has to be just ripped right off of
Samsung's actual Marketing in China
actually saying like Samsung they must
have pulled it off of multiple different
TVs because these are not all the same
TV Fire questions and answers how many
inches no answers no answers just
questions how many inches it has how
many inches not 150 it has 150 Chinese
inches that's all the different price at
the different sizes right they just send
you whatever size they feel like I guess
I guess so because they clearly sent us
the 100 in and the 65 in now the
question is is this just the same thing
but smaller and it is everything from
the weird little antenna to the
manufacturing shoo between the glass and
the panel is exactly what we just saw I
don't think we need to fire it up but we
can give them some credit it's a 75 in
maybe 77 maybe 77 not Chinese inches
Squarespace building a userfriendly
visually captivating website for your
business is not particularly easy
luckily with Squarespace you're set up
with a blueprint for Success their new
guided design system aptly named
Squarespace blueprint helps you build
your own unique online presence from the
ground up with professionally curated
layouts and styling options then dive
into the details with their fluid engine
editor which features intuitive drag and
drop building blocks once you're happy
with your marvelous creation you can
then use their comprehensive email
marketing tools to engage with your
audience generate leads and watch the
dough roll
in it's so doughy plus their Advanced
Analytical tools let you see what's
working and what you need to tweak for
your next campaign so go visit
squarespace.com
for a free trial and to receive 10% off
your first purchase of a website or
domain if you guys enjoyed this video
maybe go check out the time we looked at
an actually gigantic TV that was
actually good from high
sense a lot better than this a lot
better